# Group meeting 18/05-2012 #

Meeting takes place on 18/05-2012 @ 12:30 AM - 14:00 PM [TBD](TBD.md).

Responsible: SW604

Notary: SW605

## Agenda ##
  * Next sprint length

  * For every individual group
    * Where are we?
      * What did we do since last time?
        * _Issues_
        * _Demonstrations_
    * Project presentation (10min per group).
    * Where are we going?
      * What are we going to work on until next time?
  * How far are we, with the entire multiproject? (concluded by the responsible group)
    * When are we at the next major milestone?

  * Release

  * Usability test

  * Div.