# Group meeting 21/03-2012 #

Meeting takes place on 21/03-2012 @ 09:00 AM - 12:00 PM [0.2.13].

Responsible: SW603

Notary: SW604

## Agenda ##
  * For every individual group
    * Where are we?
      * What did we do since last time?
        * _Issues_
        * _Demonstrations_
    * Where are we going?
      * What are we going to work on until next time?
  * How far are we, with the entire multiproject? (concluded by the responsible group)
    * When are we at the next major milestone?

## Other stuff ##
  * Launcher group (20 min)
  * Admin: "Database design and Library" (20 min)[link](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1RHZrbg5ZOM7vSqOAPudOhodJ_EhbypHmYSLI48_jxPE/edit)
  * News from the responsible people!
  * Stay on UNI day!
  * aub.
  * Magnus 1 og 2
  * Thomas


**Next Meeting
  * Responsible group
  * Date**

## Summary ##

### Status ###
  * Group 1
Not present.
  * Group 2
Has made som general design and prototypes. Worked on the target group for common report. Also some working code has been made.
  * Group 3
Has had some minor issues nothing major. Needs to read on the theory. Updated the db design and created an xml document.
  * Group 4
Made local db and library.
  * Group 5
Has created a prototype and usecases. Tried to create common guidelines. Will complete thier prototype.

We have started the project and it is moving forward. Next minor milestone is friday where the first sprint is completed.
Mail has been sendt to the ph.d student to plan the workshops.
Will there be made integration after the first sprint? Perhaps, if it is possible.

### Launcher group (20 min) ###

Usability is important therefore a common gui would be nice, this would be nice to achive through a framework.

A dream would be an app which makes it possible to change settings by touching the screen instead of entering numbers.

Will make it possible to have apps or specifik code run before or after the choshen app.

Every app should make room for an overlay.

Usability is both for guardians and the children with autism.

Who makes the settings? The launcher group, every group makes it own or the admin group takes care of it.

### Admin: "Database design and Library" (20 min) ###

The local and global database designs are located on the svn under random group stuff, admin and server respectively.

It is a possibility to have a server at every institution.

It is possible to have several children connected with one guardian.

Ulrik thinks the parents should be able to fully utilize the system.

### News from the responsible people: ###

Send demands to Martin if he is supposed to get a overview on them.


Remembers logs, else it yields a minus one score. Remember to write date in the following style month-day-year (today: 03212012).


Common report Magnus will not be the one to enter the sections to the report, but he will gladly help making it work.


Testing responsible is ill.


Write about risk analasys, and check the market for other similar products.

### General Topics ###

Stay on uni day will be wednesday afternoon till 14.

Magnus thinks we should stand up when presenting what every group have made since the last meeting and what we will make till the next meeting.

What should be done about groups not present at meetings. When not able to come to a meeting a mail should be sent to the meeting coordinator.
Help each other in the groups, it will help all of us in the long run.