# Group meeting 15/02-2012 #

Meeting takes place at 15/02-2012 @ 09:00 AM - 10:00 PM [0.2.12].

Responsible: Rasmus Aaen

Referent: Kasper

## Agenda ##

  * Contract (Rasmus Aaen)
  * Update contact details on Wiki (Henrik)
  * Development Method (Rasmus Aaen)
    * When can we decide on a method?
    * Next SOE (software engineering) lecture is SCRUM (XP)
  * General meeting agenda (Kim)
  * Project Requirements (Kasper)
  * Present project ideas
    * GIRAF+ (Thomas)
    * Sensory (Rasmus Aaen) [Wiki](http://code.google.com/p/sw6-2012/wiki/xxx_Guidesxzandxzstuff_ProjectxzIdeas_Sensory) | [Presentation](https://docs.google.com/present/edit?id=0Aa_O5s2PiU0oZHJ2ZGNwel83MWYzMmJra3F3)
    * Transportable day schedule (Henrik) [Wiki](http://code.google.com/p/sw6-2012/wiki/xxx_Guidesxzandxzstuff_ProjectxzIdeas_Transportable_day_schedule)
  * Group Formation (Rasmus Aaen)
    * How do we do it? suggestions
  * etc.
  * Next meeting
    * Moderator
    * Date

## Details ##

[Minutes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bERw18AnfedqV5FyG8TgTjrZ_tVR8DnJ6DPoVwsh0R8/edit)

### Next meeting ###

28/02-2012 at 12.30