# Supervisor meeting at 13/02-2012 #

Meeting took place at 13/02-2012 @ 12:30 PM - --:-- PM [0.2.12]

## Agenda ##
  * Ulrik
    * Prototype
    * The five projects
    * Making the groups
    * Interviews
  * Projects
    * New ones or old ones?
  * Groups
    * Admin group
    * Launcher group?
    * What other groups do we need?
  * Anything else?

## Details ##