# Group meeting 10/04-2012 #

Meeting takes place on 10/04-2012 @ 12:30 PM - 16:00 PM [0.2.12].

Responsible: SW605

Notary: SW601

## Agenda ##
  * For every individual group
    * Where are we?
      * What did we do since last time?
        * _Issues_
        * _Demonstrations_
    * Where are we going?
      * What are we going to work on until next time?
  * How far are we, with the entire multiproject? (concluded by the responsible group)
    * When are we at the next major milestone?

## Other stuff ##

**Next Meeting
  * Responsible group SW601
  * Date 23/4-2012**

## Summary ##
  * Every group presented their work, with no interruptions from the other groups.

  * Notably, the admin group informed the rest of us that this sprint would be the last chance to make changes to the database.

  * It was expressed that it would be very good if we could have some version of the complete system ready by the end of this sprint.

  * Some groups were concerned about the noise factor from other groups during the work hours, and asked them to reduce the sound level.

  * The common parts of the report is progressing as planned.

  * It was agreed that the launcher group should try to implement a login-feature using QR codes.