# Group meeting 28/03-2012 #

Meeting takes place at 28/03-2012 @ 12:30 PM - 15:00 PM [0.2.13].

Responsible: sw604f12

Referent: sw605f12

## Agenda ##
  * Knowledge sharing.

  * For every individual group
    * Where are we?
      * What did we do since last time?
        * _Issues_
        * _Demonstrations_
    * Where are we going?
      * What are we going to work on until next time?
  * How far are we, with the entire multiproject? (concluded by the responsible group)
    * When are we at the next major milestone?
  * Common report.
  * Scrum planning and evaluation days.
  * Day at university @ wednesday morning.
  * From the responsible persons.
  * Aub. (Eventuelt)
    * Presentation of the Get controller.
  * Next Meeting
    * Responsible group (sw605f12)
    * Date (sw605f12)


Referat:


"Where are we?" & "where are we going?" moved to sprint meeting

Only two meetings:

friday:
sprint endmeeting/evaluation

monday:
sprint meeting
groupmeeting

Alle sender rettelser til dem der har skrevet et common afsnit hvis der er et problem holdes der et møde omkring afsnittet med en repræsentant fra alle grupper

group 4 skriver target platform og workform
gruop 3 problem definition
group 1 System description

Ulrik siger:
Afsnit om andet software hvad findes der der kan dette
Der skal laves arkitektur diagram
Målgruppen af denne rapport er de sw6 studerende næste år.

Folk bedes sende deres TOV aflevering #1 til kim:
kims mail: kath09@student.aau.dk

Folk bedes skrive datoerne rigtigt på wiki'en

Boolean i settings - skal tabletens rotation låses eller ej.

Package nave: dk.aau.cs.giraf.x <- hvor x er jeres individuelle app's navn