# Group meeting 13/02-2012 #

Meeting took place at 13/02-2012 @ 12:30 AM - --:-- PM [0.2.12].

Attending: Henrik Juul Holm Klarup; Rasmus Hoppe Nesgaard Aaen; Kasper Møller Andersen; Rasmus Ditlev Cornelius Dalhoff-Jensen; Martin Fjordvald; Jakob Jørgensen; Sebastian Lybæk; Jens Mohr Mortensen; Dan Stenholt Møller; Thorbjørn Kvist Nielsen; Thomas Kobber Panum; Magnus Stubman Reichenauer; Kim Arnold Thomsen; Kristian ladefoged; Jesper Bromose, Simon Frandsen;

Not attending: Rasmus Steiniche, Dan Stenholt Møller;

## Agenda ##
  * Meetings with customers
    * Group 1 (Henrik)
    * Group 2 (Kasper)
    * Group 3 (Jesper)
  * Follow up from last meeting.
    * System definition()
    * Development environment(Kristian)
    * Home button(Kristian)
    * Aims of the project(Jens)
    * Frequency of meetings(Kasper, Kim, & Magnus)
      * [Presentation](https://docs.google.com/present/edit?id=0AXVYCaxDa3q2ZGhwdHh3MmJfN2dwczJ6dmdr)
    * Contract draft(Rasmus A/Dan)
  * Etc.
  * Next meeting
    * Moderator
    * Room


## Details ##



### Next meeting ###
  * wednesday 15th at 9.00 (Rasmus A. is responsible)

## Record ##
Ulrik:
> -Not making the groups right away was a good thing.
> -Make a launcher group, might not need an admin group.
> -We should make a picture administration group, so that all the functionality that requires pictures can use these pictures.
> -It would be great if we could make just one system, so that the users could gradually unlock the features as they need them/ are able to use them.
> -The start of the report should contain a description of the massive system that would be nice to have.
> -Should the software be used for the children, or for the Kinder Garden as a tool? Right now, tablets are not very cheep, but they will be in the future.
> -An hourglas app would be very useful!
> -The launcher application has to be locked. The users should not be able to exit the launcher.
> > -The launcher should contain the other apps, and should replace the default Android launcher.
> > -The launcher could have 2 different modes, user mode (child) and admin mode (teacher/guardian).
> > > -The user mode should be read only, viewing and using the features.
> > > -The admin mode should be able to configure events in the schedule, available apps etc.

> -You are allowed to think big!
> > -After that, you can always reduce your thoughts down to something that will WORK.
> > > -Remember, it must work, it shouldn't just be an unstable prototype.
> > > -Start with low goals, and test them very well. You might not be able to constuct the full system, but you can make a foundation for next year's students to expand on.

> -I will act as both a customer and a supervisor for all the groups.
> > -At the exam, you will be judged on your product, based on how well it is made, and what you have learned - not how well your product lives up to my idea! :)


Thoughts:

> -It is easier to communicate with the teachers than with the children, so they are the only ones that can tell us the requirements of the system.
> -The user interface might need to be different for the children compared to the admins/guardians.
> > -A way of doing this would be that the admins had all the functions, and the children would be limited in the number of functions they would be able to access.

> -Maybe the teachers should be the ones carrying the Android tablet around. They could then interact with the children using them, which would ensure that the hardware lasts longer.



Interviews:
> -The customer is the guardians and teachers... not the children.
> -The hardware seems very fragile, and the teachers could not immagine having one Android tablet for each child.
> -The immagined using the tablets as a means of reducing the time required to explain something to the children using pictures.


> (Kinder Garden)
> -We went through a day in the life of the children, from when they arrived in the taxi, to when they went home.
> -They use hour glasses of different sizes to track time. This could be replaced with an app.
> -Different events were handled  with pictures. For instance, the children were shown pictures telling them in what order to dress.
> -There must always be something visual, the children react well to visual inputs.
> > -Some children must have the exact object in hand, where other children respond to a photograph or even an abtract drawing.
> > -The ability to "Dress up" pictures is briliant! Such as dragging a bag onto a picture, to remind the child that he/she should bring his/her bag.



> (School)
> -The lack an understanding of money and time. Visual ways of illustrating these concepts must be used instead.
> -Do the children resond well to non-visual inputs? (Such as sounds/vibrations).
> -If the hourglass always has the same size, even though the ammount of "time" in it is different, the children might be confused.
> > -it might be better to make the hourglasses have different sizes depending on the ammount of "time" in them.



> (Overall - Speech teacher)
> -The current software is not good enough. It's contains misspellings and gramatical errors, which is not acceptable when working with language.
> -She wants the software to be more customizable.
> -The software should be more fun to use!
> -The software could have a better mapping between objects, pictures and sounds.
> -For instance, if the child hears a dog barking, the child should select the picture of the dog, not the picture of the police car.


Requirements:
> -All the groups must use the same development method.
> -The customers define the requirements.

Eclipse vs. Motodev
> We decided on using Eclipse. (All in favour).


Home button
> Yet another problem for the launcher group...


Meetings:
> General meeting "Big group meeting" (All in favour)
> > Everyone must participate, and must report if they are unable to appear.
> > Every group must answer the questions:
> > > Where are we?
> > > > What did we do since last time?
> > > > -problems
> > > > -demonstrations

> > > Where are we going?
> > > > What are we going to show the next time?

> > All in all, how far are we?
> > > When are we at the next major milestone?


> Great decisions should be made at this meeting, so that everyone will be able to take part in the decision, and will know that it has been made.

> At the end of each meeting, a person responsible for organizing the next meeting must be selected. A person responsible for directing the meeting will also be appointed.

> The supervisor should be attending at the general meeting.
> > He should not comment until the end of the meeting however, in order to let us direct the meetings ourselves.


> Ad-hoc meetings
> > We need to establish a list of every persons mail, phone number and skype name, in order to contact them.


Contract

> Presentations should be well made.
> Everyone must be prepared for the meetings.
> General Meetings will be beld every second week.
> Deadlines will be made for the groups, and these deadlines must be respected.
> > Otherwise, groups that are depenging on the results of other groups will be delayed.

> All students must be attending at the university at least one specific day each week, so that ad-hoc meetings can take place
> All software uploaded to the Multi project group's SVN must be working. The individual groups should devide between work-in-progress code, and finished code.


Ideas for groups:
> Launcher + Hourglass
> Admin + Picture database (also profiles)
> PECS
> Schedule
> A profile making app?
> > -This should enable the teachers/guardians to configure the profile for a specific child, so that their preferences will be shown when that child uses the tablet.
> > -For instance, one child might like the colour green a lot, and might be able to understand an hourglass better as a symbol of time than a watch, for instance..
> > -This could also be done dynamically, instead of having ot set all the features at once.


Other:

> Establish a "General" agenda for general meetings. (Rasmus D-J, Kim Thomsen, Rasmus A.)


System definiton will be discussed in week 9.