# Group meeting 08/03-2012 #

Meeting takes place on 08/03-2012 @ 12:30 AM - 14:00 PM [0.2.12].

Responsible: SW601

Notary: SW602

## Agenda ##
  * For every individual group
    * Where are we?
      * What did we do since last time?
        * _Issues_
        * _Demonstrations_
    * Where are we going?
      * What are we going to work on until next time?
  * How far are we, with the entire multiproject? (concluded by the responsible group)
    * When are we at the next major milestone?

  * Ansvars Gruppen [Link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18GOWGhsKbELXIS6ClHcvueUknghB_JctCarCmebUous/edit) Tid: 20 min. (Magnus)
    * Uddelegering af ansvarsområder for at øge overblikket.

  * Test Outsourcing Tid: [Link](http://code.google.com/p/sw6-2012/source/browse/trunk/Group_2/M%C3%B8der/8-3-2012/Test%20Outsourcing.pdf) 10 min. (Rasmus Aaen)
    * Project Uge Til Testing.

  * Divs.
    * [Rasmus](http://db.tt/jvxBOTS5)

---
---
Summary:
Summary of group meeting on the 8th of march, 2012

Since last time
> Group 1.

> Looking at the code from last years project(digi-pecs). trying to work out if they can use any of it.

> Group 2.

> They are in a meeting with their contact. looking at theory and had talks with the launcher group.
> Next period: Get a clear idea of how the infrastructure in the project ``is''.

> Group 3.

> We have ordered a server with ssh acccess, should be accessible from the wireless.
> Worked on ER of the database. Will add ER to the wiki when a digital version exists.

> Group 4.
> They have worked with the server group on a common database design for the devices and the server.
> They have also looked at last years projects, they are pretty sure they can use ``something'' from last year, regarding how they
> save settings in xml documents.

> There should exists documentation from last project regarding how you code against the libraries regarding the xml docs.
> They would like a list of thing that groups expect people will need.

> groups 5.

> They worked on some design, and had a meeting with their contact.
> They found that the scenario that a guardian using a device with a child is the most viable scenario, also, usability is very important.
> They have looked at story cards. In general they liked the entire system that we are working on. contacts were Drazenko and Mette Frost.
> If  we only had time to make one thing work, the contact think it should be digiPecs.


Conclusion: Still looking into things, working on ideas.

Magnus: Responsiblities
See the slides for details
> Last time kasper suggested responsibilites across the groups, but we did not agree.

> Suggestion: projekt styring - One person have the responsiblity for coordination of a specfic area
> New person: user experience coordianator(Gui Responsibel)
> Make sure they is a common overall line across the apps for the gui, that it looks similiar.
> > Suggestions Approved.

Coordinator are

> Wiki svn: Henrik
> Projektstyring: Someone from group 2
> Fælles rapport: Magnus
> Kravstyring: Martin
> Testing: Kim
> Gui coordinator: Will be decided at a later date.

Test outsourcing:
> Refer to the outsourcing theory from the test and verification course.
> Could be a good idea to try outsourced testing while we are still in a safe learning environment.
> Suggestions is to dedicate a full week(or more) to outsourced testing across the groups.
> Test should not necessarily be written in this week, but dedicate this week to testing.

> There is some ambiguity regarding how this should actually be done; should the test
> documents be written by the implementation group or the test group etc.
> Most people think this is a good idea.
> Kim is the coordinator for this area.

Regarding sprints and implementation:
> We need some kind of development plan, as some groups may have an idea when they want to implement.


Notes: When talking to your contacts, please bring questions from the other groups as well
> More notes, from ulrik; focus on making pictures.

tavle på gangen? nej.

AOB:
Gui Experter
> Is any interested in talking with some gui ph.d. or experts from that part of the building.
> Ulrik is offering to hire some people who actually know stuff about guis.
> There is a good support for this and Ulrik will attempt to make it happen.

Common development tools
> Magnus thinks that the only thing we should make sure is the same is the spring length and responsbility assignments.
> Ulrik suggests six working days for sprints, and simply exclude days where we are busy with courses.
> Common points between all groups.
> > Responsiblities
> > Sprint length

Target/minium SDK

> See slides for details.
> Aiming for a higher level will require a bit more work for us,
> choosing 3.2: This is the hardware and platform that we have.
> choosing 4.0: Will have to use target api and actual api, this will require more work for us

> It was decided to work for version 3.2 and the corresponding api level.

Meetings in generel.
> A summon for the group meeting was missing, which has been frustrating for many groups.
> Suggestion for a common interface for solving this, like google cal or exchange.

SVN sviner. (SVN piggy)
> Add comments, just write what you did so the rest of us know what you did.
> Henrik will look at a way to easier manage this.
> Ulrik wants to know EVERYTHING( cc him everything )
> groups are missing personal folders that is not hooked in wierd positions.
> Henrik will make a folder for the common report and add folders for the individual groups.

Sprint length.

> Sprint length is the same across all groups, as mentioned many times. What the invidual group actually works on in
> those sprints is up to the individual groups, some may be implementning for a full month where some may want to write their report
> on the run.

> Sprint length will be decided upon how many free blocks there is in a week, where 1 block is one four hour block before
> or after lunch.
> group 2 will come up with suggestions on this matter.

Systemdefinition
> Try to write at least a few lines regarding what the multiproject is about, and what the invidual groups are working against.

Contact person demo.
> See slides, they were also presented at the requirements meeting on the 7th of march.

Presentations
> Henrik will make a presentation folder.