#summary General knowledge about different kind of development methods
=Development methods=
|| *Assignment task:* || Create a presentation about different kind of development methods ||
|| *Assigned persons:* || Kim ||

== Content ==
The 4 groups from 2011 used different development methods.
They all started using the OOAD method for the analysis part, but hereafter differs from group to group. 

The group handling  PECS used a version of SCRUM with the difference that their sprints was 2 weeks.
Besides this they used  a board with sticky notes, to keep track of their progress. Every note symbolised a task. The tasks started out in the planed section of the board and moved through started, half-finished,complete, testing and unto done. 

The group handling the schedule used the xp development method.
They argue that there where no customers.

The group handling the marketplace has either not described their development method or I have been unable to find it. They only describe their FACTOR as far as I have been able to find. (kim)

The group handling the database and framework used their own method which involved a daily meeting in the group where all members where asked a number of questions. These questions where concerning work progress.


Some of the groups also discuss the multiproject and I will here leave some citations from the first group. 

"...which has entailed that neither a thorough list of requirements, a detailed
design nor choices made throughout the development are available as documentation."

"Each individual group has developed their part of the uni?ed system using their own
tailored development strategy, having the responsibility of making their component complying with the requirements made to the overall system."

"In the latter part of the development, some tasks concerning the multi project have
been distributed to sub-groups consisting of a member from each group – e.g. a sub-group
was formed to test integration of the uni?ed system."

"We are not used to interact between these groups, but rather to have a
competitive mind"
"Developing a project in cooperation requires at least some groups to compromise on
their practices. In this project, these compromises were never made."
"Some of these issues could probably have been avoided if a joint development method
was chosen."
"Further, to enhance the cooperation between the groups, a supervisor or a semester
coordinator could be appointed to serve as chairman of the multi project. This chairman
could be responsible for setting e.g. superior deadlines, and these deadlines as well as
meetings could be scheduled in order to assure that all developers were able to attend."
<wiki:comment>
Add the knowledge you have gained
</wiki:comment>