#summary Draft of ideas for the multiproject contract.

= Draft of ideas =

 * Presentations
 * Preparation
 * Group meetings frequency
 * General rules for meetings
 * Deadlines
 * Attendance
 * Coding rules

----
=NB! This has not been decided for good!=

== Presentations ==
Whenever a presentation, which is relevant for the project, is being made it is of great importance that the presentation is well made. So the people whom the subject is being presented for will be able to understand the what is being taught.

== Preparation ==
Everyone must be prepared for group meetings, meaning that everyone can expect that all attendees at a meeting has read the appendix.
This also means that anything which is added to the appendix has been well formulated and only holds text which is relevant for the meeting.

== Group Meeting frequency ==
There will be held a BIG group meeting every second`*` week.

There will be held a group leader meeting every`*` week, where each group must be attending with exactly one representative.

== General rules for meetings ==
A template for the content of the meetings should be made. New topics can be proposed, but this must be done 24`*` hours prior to the meeting if some material are to be read, else it must be presented 12`*` hours prior to the meeting.

Presentations for a meeting must be prepared prior to the meeting, they must be organized, and the presenter must be well prepared. See section about preparation.

The attendance for every meeting will be recorded. This means that it must be announced if one is not able to come.

Small talking is to be avoided at meetings.

== Deadlines ==
Deadlines will be made across the groups in the multiproject. This means that we will be depending on each other from time to time. Therefore it is of the utmost importance that these deadlines are respected.

If a group or a person is not able to meet a deadline, then this must be announced to the group or person that made the deadline at least 24`*` hours before the deadline.

== Attendance ==
It has been decided that one day of the week all students will be present at the university (Cassiopeia). The purpose of this day is to ensure that we can go talk to the other groups in case we have questions for them.

The day will be decided in advance on a group meeting. But day may change from week to week.

It is important that all groups are represented at all meetings, since groups which aren't attending won't be able to get present their opinions on the tropics at the meeting.

== Coding Rules ==
_Nothing here yet_

`*` = Random number inserted, to be decided