#summary the Multiproject Contract.

= Multiproject Contract =

 * [#Presentations Presentations]
 * [#Preparation Preparation]
 * [#Group_Meeting_Frequency Group Meetings Frequency]
 * [#General_Rules_for_Meetings General Rules for Meetings]
 * [#Deadlines Deadlines]
 * [#Attendance Attendance]
 * [#Coding_Rules Coding Rules]

----
== Presentations ==
Whenever a presentation, which is relevant for the project, is being made it is of great importance that the presentation is well made. So the people, whom the subject is being presented for will be able to will understand what is being explained.

== Preparation ==
Everyone must be prepared for group meetings, meaning that everyone can expect that all attendees at a meeting has read the appendix.
This also means that anything which is added to the appendix has been well formulated and that the context is relevant for the meeting.

== Group Meeting frequency ==
There will be held a BIG group meeting every week, where the individual groups share their experience from the previous week and present the upcoming weeks work.

== General Rules for Meetings ==
A template for the content of the meetings should be made. New topics can be proposed, but this must be done 24 hours prior to a meeting if the material is to be read by the audience, else it must be presented at the meeting.

Presentations for a meeting must be prepared prior to the meeting, according to the section about preparation.

The attendance for every meeting will be recorded. This means that it must be announced if one is not able to come.

Small talking is to be avoided at meetings.

== Deadlines ==
Deadlines will be made across the groups in the multiproject. Since the groups will be depending on each other from time to time. Therefore it is of the utmost importance that these deadlines are respected.

If a group or a person is not able to meet a deadline, then this must be announced to the group or person that made the deadline at least 24* hours before the deadline.

== Attendance ==
It has been decided that one day of the week all students will be present at the university (Cassiopeia). The purpose of this day is to ensure that the individual groups can go talk to the other groups in case they have problems or questions which another group can help with.

The one day of the week where all groups are present at the university (Cassiopeia) will be decided on the meeting before the upcoming week.

It is important that all groups are represented at all meetings, since groups which aren't attending won't be able to present their opinions on the tropics at the meeting.

== Coding Rules ==
All software available on the public SVN folder must be able to run without bugs or errors, such that the software can be used across projects.
All software must be well documented and commented, such that the software is easy to understand and implement in other projects.