#summary Meeting Agenda 08/03-2012

= Group meeting 08/03-2012 =

Meeting takes place on 08/03-2012 @ 12:30 AM - 14:00 PM [0.2.12].

Responsible: SW601

Notary: SW602

== Agenda ==
  * For every individual group
    * Where are we?
      * What did we do since last time?
        * _Issues_
        * _Demonstrations_
    * Where are we going?
      * What are we going to work on until next time?
  * How far are we, with the entire multiproject? (concluded by the responsible group)
    * When are we at the next major milestone?

  * Ansvars Gruppen [https://docs.google.com/document/d/18GOWGhsKbELXIS6ClHcvueUknghB_JctCarCmebUous/edit Link] Tid: 20 min. (Magnus) 
    * Uddelegering af ansvarsområder for at øge overblikket. 

  * Test Outsourcing Tid: [http://code.google.com/p/sw6-2012/source/browse/trunk/Group_2/M%C3%B8der/8-3-2012/Test%20Outsourcing.pdf Link] 10 min. (Rasmus Aaen)
    * Project Uge Til Testing.

  * Divs.
      * [http://db.tt/jvxBOTS5 Rasmus]

---
---
Summary:
Summary of group meeting on the 8th of march, 2012

Since last time
  Group 1.

  Looking at the code from last years project(digi-pecs). trying to work out if they can use any of it.

  Group 2.

  They are in a meeting with their contact. looking at theory and had talks with the launcher group.
  Next period: Get a clear idea of how the infrastructure in the project ``is''.

  Group 3.

  We have ordered a server with ssh acccess, should be accessible from the wireless.
  Worked on ER of the database. Will add ER to the wiki when a digital version exists.

  Group 4.
  They have worked with the server group on a common database design for the devices and the server.
  They have also looked at last years projects, they are pretty sure they can use ``something'' from last year, regarding how they
  save settings in xml documents.

  There should exists documentation from last project regarding how you code against the libraries regarding the xml docs.
  They would like a list of thing that groups expect people will need.

  groups 5.

  They worked on some design, and had a meeting with their contact.
  They found that the scenario that a guardian using a device with a child is the most viable scenario, also, usability is very important.
  They have looked at story cards. In general they liked the entire system that we are working on. contacts were Drazenko and Mette Frost.
  If  we only had time to make one thing work, the contact think it should be digiPecs.


Conclusion: Still looking into things, working on ideas.

Magnus: Responsiblities
See the slides for details
  Last time kasper suggested responsibilites across the groups, but we did not agree.

  Suggestion: projekt styring - One person have the responsiblity for coordination of a specfic area
  New person: user experience coordianator(Gui Responsibel)
  Make sure they is a common overall line across the apps for the gui, that it looks similiar.
    Suggestions Approved.

Coordinator are
  Wiki svn: Henrik
  Projektstyring: Someone from group 2
  Fælles rapport: Magnus
  Kravstyring: Martin
  Testing: Kim
  Gui coordinator: Will be decided at a later date.

Test outsourcing:
  Refer to the outsourcing theory from the test and verification course.
  Could be a good idea to try outsourced testing while we are still in a safe learning environment.
  Suggestions is to dedicate a full week(or more) to outsourced testing across the groups.
  Test should not necessarily be written in this week, but dedicate this week to testing.

  There is some ambiguity regarding how this should actually be done; should the test 
  documents be written by the implementation group or the test group etc.
  Most people think this is a good idea.
  Kim is the coordinator for this area.

Regarding sprints and implementation: 
  We need some kind of development plan, as some groups may have an idea when they want to implement.


Notes: When talking to your contacts, please bring questions from the other groups as well
       More notes, from ulrik; focus on making pictures.

tavle på gangen? nej.

AOB: 
Gui Experter
  Is any interested in talking with some gui ph.d. or experts from that part of the building.
  Ulrik is offering to hire some people who actually know stuff about guis.
  There is a good support for this and Ulrik will attempt to make it happen.

Common development tools
  Magnus thinks that the only thing we should make sure is the same is the spring length and responsbility assignments.
  Ulrik suggests six working days for sprints, and simply exclude days where we are busy with courses.
  Common points between all groups.
    Responsiblities
    Sprint length
    
Target/minium SDK
  See slides for details.
  Aiming for a higher level will require a bit more work for us, 
  choosing 3.2: This is the hardware and platform that we have.
  choosing 4.0: Will have to use target api and actual api, this will require more work for us

  It was decided to work for version 3.2 and the corresponding api level.

Meetings in generel.
  A summon for the group meeting was missing, which has been frustrating for many groups.
  Suggestion for a common interface for solving this, like google cal or exchange.
  
SVN sviner. (SVN piggy)
  Add comments, just write what you did so the rest of us know what you did.
  Henrik will look at a way to easier manage this.
  Ulrik wants to know EVERYTHING( cc him everything )
  groups are missing personal folders that is not hooked in wierd positions.
  Henrik will make a folder for the common report and add folders for the individual groups.

Sprint length.

  Sprint length is the same across all groups, as mentioned many times. What the invidual group actually works on in
  those sprints is up to the individual groups, some may be implementning for a full month where some may want to write their report
  on the run.

  Sprint length will be decided upon how many free blocks there is in a week, where 1 block is one four hour block before
  or after lunch.
  group 2 will come up with suggestions on this matter.

Systemdefinition
  Try to write at least a few lines regarding what the multiproject is about, and what the invidual groups are working against.

Contact person demo.
  See slides, they were also presented at the requirements meeting on the 7th of march.
  
Presentations
  Henrik will make a presentation folder.