#summary System definition from previous projects
=System definition=

|| *Assignment task:* || Create a presentation about the system definition based on the projects from 2011 ||
|| *Assigned persons:* || Kristian and Simon ||
|| *Presentation:* || [https://docs.google.com/present/edit?id=0AQDRW9mSHYvgZGhiY3ZudnNfN2MzMzRuZ2Ro Link] ||

== Content ==

The system definition is placed in the beginning of the repport.
 * The platform is Android touch devices.
 * Masks standard android interface.
 * Offer functionality for the intended user.
 * The overall goal is to aid and entertain mental handicapped children, which can have a difficult time handling the complexity of a normal smart-phone.
 * Guardians should administrate the system through an administration interface
 * It should be possible for a third-party developer to provide additional applications to the system/launcher.
 * Pre-installed applications: DigiPECS, aSchedule.

  Sub-definitions: 

DigiPECS
The system definition is placed in the beginning of the repport and is identical to the GIRAF system specification.

Launcher
The system definition is placed in appendix and is identical to the GIRAF system specification.

aSchedule 
The system definition is placed in the beginning of the repport and contains two system definitions: GIRAF general definition and a specific aSchedule definition.
Specific for aSchedule:
 * Guardians should schedule the child´s activities directly from the device
 * Must not be depended on any external devices
 * Minimize the required effort from guardians