#summary Group meeting on the 15/02-2012.

= Group meeting 15/02-2012 =

Meeting takes place at 15/02-2012 @ 09:00 AM - 10:00 PM [0.2.12].

Responsible: Rasmus Aaen

Referent:

== Agenda ==
  * Development Method (Rasmus Aaen)
    * When can we decide on something?
 
  * Contract (Rasmus Aaen)

  * Update contact details on Wiki (Henrik)

  * General meeting agenda (Rasmus Aaen)

  * Present project ideas
    * GIRAF+ (Thomas)

  * Group Formation (Rasmus Aaen)
    * How do we do it? suggestions

  * etc.

  * Next meeting
    * Moderator
    * Date

== Details ==

=== Next meeting ===