#summary Group meeting on the 13/02-2012.

= Group meeting 13/02-2012 =

Meeting took place at 13/02-2012 @ 12:30 AM - --:-- PM [0.2.12].

Attending: Henrik Juul Holm Klarup; Rasmus Hoppe Nesgaard Aaen; Kasper Møller Andersen; Rasmus Ditlev Cornelius Dalhoff-Jensen; Martin Fjordvald; Jakob Jørgensen; Sebastian Lybæk; Jens Mohr Mortensen; Dan Stenholt Møller; Thorbjørn Kvist Nielsen; Thomas Kobber Panum; Magnus Stubman Reichenauer; Kim Arnold Thomsen; Kristian ladefoged; Jesper Bromose, Simon Frandsen;

Not attending: Rasmus Steiniche, Dan Stenholt Møller;

== Agenda ==
 * Meetings with customers
    * Group 1 (Henrik)
    * Group 2 (Kasper)
    * Group 3 (Jesper)
 * Follow up from last meeting.
    * System definition()
    * Development environment(Kristian)
    * Home button(Kristian)
    * Aims of the project(Jens)
    * Frequency of meetings(Kasper, Kim, & Magnus)
       * [https://docs.google.com/present/edit?id=0AXVYCaxDa3q2ZGhwdHh3MmJfN2dwczJ6dmdr Presentation]
    * Contract draft(Rasmus A/Dan)
 * Etc.
 * Next meeting
    * Moderator
    * Room
 

== Details ==
	


=== Next meeting ===
 * wednesday 15th at 9.00 (Rasmus A. is responsible)
	
== Record == 
Ulrik:
	-Not making the groups right away was a good thing.
	-Make a launcher group, might not need an admin group.
	-We should make a picture administration group, so that all the functionality that requires pictures can use these pictures.
	-It would be great if we could make just one system, so that the users could gradually unlock the features as they need them/ are able to use them.
	-The start of the report should contain a description of the massive system that would be nice to have.
	-Should the software be used for the children, or for the Kinder Garden as a tool? Right now, tablets are not very cheep, but they will be in the future.
	-An hourglas app would be very useful!
	-The launcher application has to be locked. The users should not be able to exit the launcher.
		-The launcher should contain the other apps, and should replace the default Android launcher.
		-The launcher could have 2 different modes, user mode (child) and admin mode (teacher/guardian).
			-The user mode should be read only, viewing and using the features.
			-The admin mode should be able to configure events in the schedule, available apps etc.
	-You are allowed to think big!
		-After that, you can always reduce your thoughts down to something that will WORK.
			-Remember, it must work, it shouldn't just be an unstable prototype.
			-Start with low goals, and test them very well. You might not be able to constuct the full system, but you can make a foundation for next year's students to expand on.
	-I will act as both a customer and a supervisor for all the groups.
		-At the exam, you will be judged on your product, based on how well it is made, and what you have learned - not how well your product lives up to my idea! :)	

		
Thoughts:
	-It is easier to communicate with the teachers than with the children, so they are the only ones that can tell us the requirements of the system.
	-The user interface might need to be different for the children compared to the admins/guardians.
		-A way of doing this would be that the admins had all the functions, and the children would be limited in the number of functions they would be able to access.
	-Maybe the teachers should be the ones carrying the Android tablet around. They could then interact with the children using them, which would ensure that the hardware lasts longer.


	 
Interviews:
	-The customer is the guardians and teachers... not the children.
	-The hardware seems very fragile, and the teachers could not immagine having one Android tablet for each child.
	-The immagined using the tablets as a means of reducing the time required to explain something to the children using pictures.
	
	
	(Kinder Garden)
	-We went through a day in the life of the children, from when they arrived in the taxi, to when they went home.
	-They use hour glasses of different sizes to track time. This could be replaced with an app.
	-Different events were handled  with pictures. For instance, the children were shown pictures telling them in what order to dress.
	-There must always be something visual, the children react well to visual inputs.
		-Some children must have the exact object in hand, where other children respond to a photograph or even an abtract drawing.
		-The ability to "Dress up" pictures is briliant! Such as dragging a bag onto a picture, to remind the child that he/she should bring his/her bag.
		
		
	(School)
	-The lack an understanding of money and time. Visual ways of illustrating these concepts must be used instead.
	-Do the children resond well to non-visual inputs? (Such as sounds/vibrations).
	-If the hourglass always has the same size, even though the ammount of "time" in it is different, the children might be confused.
		-it might be better to make the hourglasses have different sizes depending on the ammount of "time" in them.
		
		
	(Overall - Speech teacher)
	-The current software is not good enough. It's contains misspellings and gramatical errors, which is not acceptable when working with language.
	-She wants the software to be more customizable.
	-The software should be more fun to use!
	-The software could have a better mapping between objects, pictures and sounds.
	-For instance, if the child hears a dog barking, the child should select the picture of the dog, not the picture of the police car.


Requirements:
	-All the groups must use the same development method.
	-The customers define the requirements.
	
Eclipse vs. Motodev
	We decided on using Eclipse. (All in favour).
	

Home button
	Yet another problem for the launcher group...
	
	
Meetings:
	General meeting "Big group meeting" (All in favour)
		Everyone must participate, and must report if they are unable to appear.
		Every group must answer the questions:
			Where are we?
				What did we do since last time?
				-problems
				-demonstrations
			Where are we going?
				What are we going to show the next time?
		All in all, how far are we?
			When are we at the next major milestone?
			
		Great decisions should be made at this meeting, so that everyone will be able to take part in the decision, and will know that it has been made.
		
		At the end of each meeting, a person responsible for organizing the next meeting must be selected. A person responsible for directing the meeting will also be appointed.
		
		The supervisor should be attending at the general meeting.
			He should not comment until the end of the meeting however, in order to let us direct the meetings ourselves.
	
	Ad-hoc meetings
		We need to establish a list of every persons mail, phone number and skype name, in order to contact them.
				
				
Contract
	Presentations should be well made.
	Everyone must be prepared for the meetings.
	General Meetings will be beld every second week.
	Deadlines will be made for the groups, and these deadlines must be respected.
		Otherwise, groups that are depenging on the results of other groups will be delayed.
	All students must be attending at the university at least one specific day each week, so that ad-hoc meetings can take place
	All software uploaded to the Multi project group's SVN must be working. The individual groups should devide between work-in-progress code, and finished code.
	
	
Ideas for groups:
	Launcher + Hourglass
	Admin + Picture database (also profiles)
	PECS
	Schedule
	A profile making app?
		-This should enable the teachers/guardians to configure the profile for a specific child, so that their preferences will be shown when that child uses the tablet.
		-For instance, one child might like the colour green a lot, and might be able to understand an hourglass better as a symbol of time than a watch, for instance..
		-This could also be done dynamically, instead of having ot set all the features at once.

		
Other:	
	Establish a "General" agenda for general meetings. (Rasmus D-J, Kim Thomsen, Rasmus A.)


System definiton will be discussed in week 9.