#summary Customer meeting, Tove Søby, taleinstituttet. (Incomplete)

= Introduction =

The following text is highlights from the customer meeting with Tove Søby from taleinstituttet, Friday morning on the 10,,nth,, of February.
The meeting/interview was conducted in a semi structured way, primarily with the customer presenting her wishes from new software, based upon the experience from her work. 

== Details ==
The customers was primarily concerned with tools and software with which she had prior knowledge, and the shortcomings of this software.
While the software she had access to served a purpose and was useful in her work she was missing a level of customization. As was also mentioned by Drazenko(TODO add link to 9/02/12 meeting), autistic people have very different demands, the visual stimuli that makes sense to one kid may not mean anything to another. the software available to the customer is static and only supplies a very limited selection of words or stories.
<br/> 
She also asked for more entertaining software, not that it should hurt the intended use of the software, but the software currently available to her have very poor feedback. as an example a police car was often depicted in the software, which, other than being drawn a police car, never showed any of the characteristics that you would expect from a police car( sirens, turning wheels etc.) The reasoning for more entertaining software is that it should be fun to learn.

The work that the she did in her day to day work include
* Sequencing of sound and text
* Prepositions
* Quantities

On the topic of using tablets, it was clear that she saw it as a tool that the teacher/guardian should use in cooperation with the children.
For most autistic people, having ownership of a tablet will not make any sense, unless it is meant as their primary means of communication. However the physical properties of a tablet make them less than ideal for this. At the moment they are simply not sturdy enough, or handy enough to carry around all day.

== Requirements ==

Customizable software. <br/>
Proper feedback. <br/>
=== External resources ===
Following is software or tools currently in use, or in development, mentioned by the customer, can be used a source of inspiration.

[http://www.consultspringboard.com/autism-speaks/ Springboard] <br/>
[http://www.minspeak.com/ minspeak]<br/>