#summary Group meeting from 08/02-2012

= Group meeting 08/02-2012 =


Meeting took place at 08/02-2012 @ 8:15 AM - 12:05 PM [0.2.12].

Attending: Henrik Juul Holm Klarup; Rasmus Hoppe Nesgaard Aaen; Kasper Møller Andersen; Rasmus Ditlev Cornelius Dalhoff-Jensen; Martin Fjordvald; Jakob Jørgensen; Sebastian Lybæk; Jens Mohr Mortensen; Dan Stenholt Møller; Thorbjørn Kvist Nielsen; Thomas Kobber Panum; Magnus Stubman Reichenauer; Kim Arnold Thomsen

== Details ==

Work breakdown:
|| Home button (Disable?) || Christian ||
|| Development environment || Martin, Christian, Rasmus J ||
|| Frequency of meetings || Magnus, Kasper, Kim ||
|| Aims of the project || Sebastian, Henrik, Jens ||
|| Contract draft || Rasmus, Dan ||

Interview groups:
|| Introduction || Henrik, Rasmus, Magnus, Jakob ||
|| 9/2: || Martin, Kasper, Thorbjørn, Thomas ||
||      || Henrik, Dan, Jens, Sebastian ||
|| 10/2:|| Jesper, Martin ||


== Grand meeting ==

==== System definition ====
	* Only usable in OOAD
	* Nothing decided yet (Follow up during next meeting)

==== Launcher ====
	* Should time/location be taken into consideration?
		* What do we want to do?
		* What do they (Customers) want to do?
		* Relevant to limit according to to time/location?
		* A complex part of the Launcher
		* Depending on the Customer meeting

==== Home button ====
	* Change in firmware to block?
		* No other way to block
	* One person looks into this (Christian)
	* A new firmware?
		* We need to talk to Ulrik about this!

==== Test ====
	* Ongoing or periodic? 
		* Depends on development method
		* This will be discussed later

==== Environment ====
	* Both Eclipse and MotoDev installed = PROBS!
		* + MotoDev provides extra tools
		* - Registration
	* We need to use the same environment
	* Better support for Eclipse from Google
	* Will be looked into before next meeting (Martin, Christian, Rasmus J)

==== Development methods ====
	* We need to use the same!
	* Cannot be decided at the moment

==== Demands to / from the groups ====
	* Make demands to an "admin" group
	* Google Discussion group
	* IRC

==== Frequency of meetings ==== 
	* Once a week is suggested
	* BIG group meetings
		* Every 2. week
	* Group leader meeting
		* Once a week
	* Supervisor meeting
	* Customer meeting
	* "Small" group meetings
	* Meeting Discipline
		* Structured
		* Efficient
		* Avoid small talk
	* Group will examine ways for next meeting (Magnus, Kasper, Kim)

==== Common goals ====
	* Overall goals (focus group and result) is to be put on Wiki - will be updated after each meeting.
	* Tested (Study regulation)
	* High quality (Study regulation)
	* Other goals will be defined after customer meeting (Sebastian, Henrik, Jens)

==== Deadlines ====
	* "Small" but many
	* Depends on the result of the meeting form

==== Contract ====
	* Depending on other decitions
	* Suggested:
		* Rules for presentation
		* Organized presentation
		* Be well prepared
		* Deadlines
		* Attendance
		* Different groups can add other rules
	* Draft of contract for next meeting (Rasmus, Dan)

==== Work from home / Work on uni ====
	* The different groups own decision
		* As long it's not in breach with the contract
	* A group can ask another groups to come, if necessary
	* One day a week where everybody is on uni (Will be decided on each meeting)

==== Agenda for BIG meeting ====
	* Structured
	* The agenda is locked 24 hours before the meeting
	* At each meeting, a moderator is selected for the next meeting 
	* Next meetings moderator: Henrik

==== Groups ====
	* One groups has to fix the launcher or make a new (Maybe talk with Ulrik)
	* Are we to make 4-5 new apps?
		* Settled after the customer meeting 



=== Ulrik's stuff ===
	*We have 5 contacts (customers).
		* 4 will attend the meeting 9/2
		* 1 will attend a meeting 10/2
	* Introduction (Henrik, Rasmus, Magnus, Jakob)
	* Two groups will talk with two contacts at the same time
		* Group 1: Martin, Kasper, Thorbjørn, Thomas
		* Group 2: Henrik, Dan, Jens, Sebastian
	* Questions will be send before hand, so the contacts can prepare
	* *Goal of the meeting*: To get some abstract ideas about what to do and inform the customers we'd like to include them during the process.
	* Contact meeting 10/2 : Jesper, Martin 

== Decided this meeting: ==
	* * One day a week where everybody is on uni (Will be decided on each meeting) *
	* *Two groups will talk with two contacts at the same time*

== Next meeting ==
13/2 at 12.30, room 0.2.12.